Adjust local dataset defaults (#156)
mosaicml/examples: examples/deeplab/README.md

## Prepare your data

> This benchmark assumes that [ADE20k Dataset](https://groups.csail.mit.edu/vision/datasets/ADE20K/) is already stored on your local machine or stored in an S3 bucket after being processed into a streaming dataset. ADE20K can be downloaded by running the command below. By default, this will store the dataset in `./ade20k` and takes up about 1GB of storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This benchmark assumes that [ADE20k Dataset](https://groups.csail.mit.edu/vision/datasets/ADE20K/) is already stored on your local machine or stored in an S3 bucket after being processed into a streaming dataset. ADE20K can be downloaded by running the command below. This takes up about 1GB of storage and will default to storing the dataset in `./ade20k`.
```
Disambiguate storage space not being a default.
